telemarketing doesn't differentiate between people who are interested in being called and those who aren't
pride parades create a huge disturbance
we should adopt gender-neutral language because it avoids offending people with gender stereo-types
treating everyone as a large group unit is not helpful for people who have different individual needs.
We should not ban telemarketing as it it allows people to learn about new products or services from the comfort of their own homes.
legalising prostitution will ensure the safety of both the sex trade worker and client
telemarketing is intrusive, annoying and violates privacy
if you are not required to wear a uniform, you are free to choose clothing styles that are more favorable to your body type and coloring, which allows you to look your best
forcing children into wearing school uniforms shows our children that they cannot think as individuals and must conform to societies way of thinking.
child actors lose the sense of a proper childhood.
people should keep their religion to themselves
there are far more than two genders today, and thus, gender-neutral language only makes sense.
safe places are not needed. people need to adjust to the world in which they live in and stop trying to always seek protection from the things they don't like.
with so much sexual freedom these days prostitution should now be legal.
cannabis especially the skunk variety can be very harmful to people and can lead on to them using harder drugs so therefore it should be illegal.
we all have the right to eat what we want, to prohibit a specific type of food is an abuse of power
Allowing students to make their own choices regarding the clothes they wear prepares them for the adult world.
missionaries are intrusive to other countries and very invasive to the culture.
cannabis should be legalized because it is no worse than alchohol.
we should continue to support pride parades because everyone has the right to do what they want as long as it does not harm others.
we should not ban the use of child actors because we would not have the shows and movies that are otherwise available.
bullies should not be given second chances. being victim to school bullying is a major risk factor for developing mental health problems like depression, anxiety, and even suicidal thoughts.
if someone hasn't learned by the first two chances then they aren't going to stop committing crimes. it makes more sense to lock them away than to let them keep committing crimes against the population.
we should not adopt libertarianism because it will allow people to take advantage of the freedoms and eventually infringe on other people's freedoms.
banning telemarketing has no approval anywhere as customers will not be able to see new products available to buy.
yes ban it, if i wanted to buy something i would know where to look for it without being bothered with constant calls
whaling is an important part of the diet, tradition and economies of many countries, and it is not our place to dictate terms as outsiders to their culture.
Without a mandatory retirement age available to the employer, dismissal procedures would be likely to begin earlier
as a non-addictive natural substance that is less harmful than currently legal ones such as tobacco and alcohol, it seems that cannabis is still illegal simply due to old prejudices.
fast food is great when you need a quick meal on the run and it is more nutritious than snacking on chocolate bars or unhealthy snacks.
people should be allowed to join any club, cult, religious group they want.  the government should not have a say in what an individual wants to participate in.
language changes cannot be legislated, they evolve spontaneously over time. if people want to use gender-neutral language, it will slowly become part of their vocabulary
if people want to use it then it is their choice
autonomous cars offer the opportunity for people  to spend more time on the things they enjoy doing during their commute rather than having to concentrate.
libertarianism doesn't account for obvious public needs that are better served through collective action rather than each individual competing for resources.
providing subsidies would allow more money to be spent on the editing process thus making wikepedia a more reliable source of information
the world of acting is a high pressure, extremely stressful place and children should be protected from it.
many people do not feel comfortable with their gender and feel offended when we use inappropriate words
Legalizing prostitution would make the profession less dangerous and less hazardous to one's health.
in today's hectic fast-paced society, it is freeing to take time to sit quietly and pray. it should be encouraged in our schools.
we should not ban missionary work because people have a right to help out others if they chose to do so
mandatory retirement should be ended as it is unfair on older people.
autonomous cars can make trips more relaxing and help the traveler arrive refreshed and happy.  it can also eliminate road rage.
The Olympic Games allow for countries around the world to compete in friendly competition and is a healthy outlet for national pride.
Zoos are a great and cheap way for children to learn about animals from all over the world.
Cosmetic surgery is important to repair damaged skin or member of people involved in an accident. This will help them regain confidence and live their life fully
Animals should not have to suffer to save a few dollars.   Businesses need to have better morals and treating animals with care should be a top priority regardless of the cost.   It also hurts small farmers.
telemarketing preys on people who are vulnerable and easily conned, such as the elderly.
living within one's fiscal means is important
You do not become unqualified for a job simply because you reach retirement age.
we should adopt libertarianism because it cause less outside interference in your personal life
some older workers love their job and would be devastated to be forced to stop working
the olympics have long been the goal for athletes to aim for to be the very best so abolishing the games would take away their dreams and ambitions.
there are things at pride parades that young children should not see, regardless of one's sexual preferences.
a mandatory retirement age helps employers regularly refresh the workforce with fresh talent
supporting embryonic stem cell research is important because it is the future of medicine and it can help scientists to find new cures for diseases.
human cloning gives the chance for individuals to have a child that might not otherwise be able to
judicial activism is sometimes the best way to get things done
space exploration is the next frontier.
algorithmic trading allows for greater numbers of trades to happen, getting more people involved in the economy
the olympic games offer a friendly competition meeting where the best athletes around the world can come together to celebrate the best of human physical achievement.
we shouldn't ban fast food because it is an affordable option for people that might not be able to get hot food otherways.
we need to subsidize space exploration in order to find an inhabitable planet we can live on when we finally destroy the one we live on now.
if people feel personal satisfaction within scientology, i do not see why we have to prohibit it.
we should not ban cosmetic surgery because there are some people that are seriously need it done to improve their lifestyles
making a child work as an actor deprives them of childhood experiences and interactions.
people are entitled to believe in any god that they choose to believe in. as religion offers comfort, aatheism should not be adopted.
whaling is part of a great number of cultures
cannabis is no more harmful than cigarettes or alcohol, and no more addictive than the two.
collectivism gives the group priority over individual needs - this would be very unfair for some individuals who may have a higher or different need than the majority of the group
if everything was spoken about gender neutrally then no one would be offended.
Missionary work has helped to civilize entire socities.
the ability to keep and use firearms is instrumental in a person's ability to persue safety, life and liberty
many people use religion to connect with their family as well as loved ones that are no longer alive - losing this comforting connection would be devastating for some.
libertarianism allows the expression of free will and would make society more interesting by allowing people to be as they truly are.
autonomous cars will allow people to do more instead of wasting time in traffic
fast food is good for busy people allowing the to pick up something to eat on the go.
the olympic games allow for true amateur athletes to live out their dreams.
parades bring in homophobic people that bully the members of the parade.
telemarketing is annoying for people as they do not request a phone call and vunerable people such as the elderly often feel threatened into taking part.
we should definitely oppose collectivism because there is less autonomy in terms of thoughts and ideas. everyone will just go along with the group.
an executive has worked hard to get to that position through study and prior work experience. they should be compensated for their value to the company.
all schools should adopt a zero-tolerance policy as kids need to know they can not act inappropriately at any given moment when in school.
pride parades allow marginalized groups to have a space in order to gather and celebrate and boost their self-esteem.
The true purposes of telemarketing are to pressure feeble-minded people into buying things they don't really want, and to make it easier to get away with fraud
legalising prostitution can only be beneficial to the sex workers and their clients from a safety and health point of view.
embryonic stem cell research is an advanced medicine progress that should not be stopped
we should  fund journalism to serve the public interest.
missionaries try to force their religion or ideas on people that are already happy the way they are.
space exploration has the ability to solve the problem of limited materials on earth
olympic games gives the world a chance to see the talent of many athletes from around the world
missionary work puts people in intrusive positions against those who have inhabited the same land and have had the same customs for centuries.
safe spaces are a place where minorities of any sort are safe to be who they are and are safe from discrimination, negative comments and harassment and in today's intolerant society are much needed.
people should be encouraged to individuals
There is no certainty that the process will be a success, and couples may end up wasting time and money.
telemarketing is very economical and it provides an easy way for companies to offer their products and services to people.  telemarketers are merely asking whether someone wants something or not.
zoos allow people to see many animals in their natural habitat that most people would never see.
it is just another way for lazy people to do as little as possible.
we should legalize prostitution because if someone really wants to use those services, they should have the right to do so.  we can just regulate it.
we shouldn't abolish zoos because they create jobs for zookeepers and they allow children to view wild animals which is fun and educational
we should adopt gender-neutral language because equal rights should include equal language
autonomous cars could help people make better use of their time
the investigations with mother cells could mean the definitive advance for the human race
cosmetic surgery teaches our daughters that they need to look perfect and never age.
for people who work in skilled manual jobs it comes to a point where it is no longer safe for them work, the retirement age is used to protect people of a certain age as a safety precaution
some states have already done it so we might as well.
maintaining intellectual property rights for all is too expensive, and maintaining these rights might restrict innovation in certain sectors.
athletes train their whole lives in hopes that they can represent their country to be the best.
we should adopt an austerity regime so that future generations are not left t0 pay the debts that we rack up.
telemarketing should be banned because it is disruptive to the course of the day for many people.
autonomous cars can give many people the freedom to drive without actually driving, so we should not stop making them.
this is a free country. people are free to make bad nutritional decisions
banning child actors would limit movies and tv shows. anything with children in the story would be unable to be made. television and movies for children would no longer exist either.
just because someone has reached the age of retirement, they are still able to provide a vaulable service with expertise and a vast knowledge of experience.
human beings were created to be individuals unlike no other.
someone should be able to continue working if they want, despite their age.
ending economic sanctions would make it so all countries could trade freely with anyone.
promotes peace and sportsmanship amongst countries
people should be able to choose what they want to eat
mandatory retirement is harsh.  it pushes workers who might still be viable out of the workforce for no other reason than their age, often leaving them to struggle.
Missionary work forces the opinions of others onto individuals that didn't consent or want the religion.
we should abolish zoos to prevent the cruel confinement of wild animals
When prostitution is illegal, prostitutes are defenseless, and are often harassed and abused.
Everyone has the right to bodily autonomy. If a person chooses to sell his or her body for sex, it should not be illegal.
Intellectual property rights slows down the speed with which people have access to technology, goods and ideas that could transfrom their lives so should be abolished.
for people undergoing chemotherapy, cannabis can be extremely helpful in regaining appetite for food
gender-neutral language should be adopted so that society can progress and advance. does it really matter if you are a man or woman anymore? it shouldn't.
banning cosmetic surgery would take the pressure off people to look a certain way that media and society dictates.
a person should be allowed to choose what happens to their bodies
Mandatory retirement is discriminatory on the basis of age, which is an immutable characteristic much like gender or race in that one has no control over it.
Legalizing the organ trade would allow more patients to receive the organ transplant they need.
let the free market decide whether or not we should allow factory farming
it helps small third world countries become more modernized.
neutral language is an alternative at the time of speaking that serves to include all persons without gender exclusion
people have the right to enhance their body in any way they want to.
they are boring and cost too much money
we need to explore space so we can find minerals that are getting depleted on our planet
we should not adopt atheism because everyone should have something to believe in.
subsidizing space exploration is a positive move to help advance our space program.
they increase tourist activities and are a boost to the local economy.
Libertarianism increases individual liberties by preventing the government from controlling every aspect of our lives.
gender-neutral language doesn't always help people clearly communicate what they mean
children should be allowed to have a procedure if they have their parents permission
the basic message in prayer is universal, encouraging people to be considerate and love one another - this is a basic message for every child in school, irrespective of their religion, and should be encouraged.
we must have more options to choose and leave this bipartisan dictatorship
pride parades are disruptive and cause chaos in towns where they are held.
telemarketing has reached epidemic levels with unregulated frequency that most people would consider a public nuisance.
We should legalize sex selection because a ban leads to dangerous back alley procedures, and to more abortions and female infanticide
telemarketing is violative and intrusive. unwanted calls from telemarketers are too much annoying
uniforms prevent arguments over what is appropriate school attire.
child actors are an important part of the acting industry and should continue to be allowed with restrictions to ensure the child's well being.
the church of scientology should be banned simply because it's wrong for a belief system to dictate how your medical care can and cannot happen - like psychiatry.
cosmetic surgery boosts people's self esteem.
we should not ban cosmetic surgery people some people don't like how they look and it's their money if they want to change that
this should be legal as it is no worse than alcohol.
Mandatory retirement forces people who are still excellent at their jobs to quit working long before they are ready.
cannabis is not a harmful drug and can help people cope with mental issues like anxiety
fast food is a great option for people who are to busy to sit down for a meal.
it would be a huge step backwards, essentially telling the lgbt community not to have "pride" in who they are anymore
we should not adopt gender-neutral language because the majority of people do identify with a gender and want to be addressed as such.
to tell a story in theater or movies we need children actors. without them stories could only be about adults. stories that have entertained us from lassie to mary poppins would not exist.
if we end mandatory retirement many older workers that want to retire after many years of service may be denied that right
in democracy, everybody has the option to choose what they want and how they want and canceling pride parades will be wrong and opposite of democracy.
autonomous cars strip drivers of the ability to drive as they please
it`s been proven that cannabis has some relief who helping people suffering from terminal illness.
if people believe that they will be happier after cosmetic surgery, they should not be prevented from seeking that happiness
we should subsidize space exploration because it is beneficial for educational purposes
we should ban algorithmic trading because theres is scientic advance
if people want to get work done it is their choice
people have the right to fix their perceived flaws and raise their self esteem.
autonomous cars allow those with disabilities that hinder driving to be able to travel to appointments, shopping and social events, and not to live isolated from others.
telemarketing is a pock mark on society. it disrupts peoples lives, causes extreme aggravation and pushes unwanted products and services on the poor, elderly and those prone to being taken advantage of.
sex selection should be legal for parents to select the sex of the child.  parents with all boys or all girls should have the choice of selecting the other sex.
it can be very beneficial for people with certain illnesses so should be legal
the words "he" and "she" are a way of labeling human beings and not everyone feels like they fit into either of these categories. by doing away with gender specific words you will make everyone feel the same.
missionary work allows volunteers to do productive work in a foreign country
children provide unique storytelling opportunities for movies and should not be banned as long as they are properly raised and cared for.
space exploration is the last great frontier for scientific discovery and should be publicly funded.
an austerity regime would be harmful
fast food enables people who lead busy lives to be able to have meals on the go.  this way they do not miss meals.
We should not abolish safe spaces because people who have PTSD will disengage from universities and other spaces if they cannot participate safely.
autonomous cars would help the elderly.
space exploration advances the frontiers of mankind, and could well discover new resources that will be invaluable due to the depletion of those on earth.
young people aren't conscious of what effect what they say has on someone else and a safe space prevents them from doing anything to anyone else
We should not abolish the Olympic Games as they are viewed as the pinnacle of success for many athletes around the world.
gender-neutral language takes gender out of the equation, so that people can focus on content, not gender.
Zoos are just a place for animals to be locked up and stared at by people.
some people fear of retribution  from those that oppose their thoughts and ideas.  this is a place they can feel safe.
it will result in more elective abortions and cause a gender imbalance
Legalization of prostitution will save millions of dollars in state resources that are currently spent cracking completely harmless small time prostitutes.
if someone can still work they should be allowed. it will cause less strain on social security.
the olympic games are necessary to promote healthy competition in the world and show the cultures of many countries.
we definitely should, this research can make significant breakthroughs for musical science
providing child actors are still taught school subjects and that they are given time to be children then it is good for them and the money earned will give them freedom as adults to do whatever they want
the olympic games inspire children and people of all ages to enjoy and participate in sports.
safe spaces are essential to enable minorities to have freedom of speech and expression without the danger of oppression.
we should legalize cannabis because it can relieve pain for people with serious illnesses such as cancer and ms
zoos provide an excellent learning opportunity for children.
seniors want to feel needed and useful so as long as they are doing a good job they shouldn't be forced to retire
we should ban the use of child actors because they should be in school and learning
If we adopted libertarianism the country would be more peaceful as everyone would just be allowed to do whatever they feel is right.
we shouldn't ban fast food in some ocations
cannabis should be legalized because no link has been found to document a connection between cannabis use and mind altering drugs.
sometimes a cosmetic procedure is necessary in cases of disfigurement, and when this is addressed early, the chances of recovery and normalised existence are maximised.
cosmetic surgery makes people feel better about themselves.
Mandatory retirement affirms problematic stereotypes about the competency of older people which prevents them from being taken seriously when they should be.
the future of mankind may depend on the ability to travel in space
people that can not drive will be able to go wherever they want.
i think that we should adopt gender-neutral language because a best comunication
everyone needs a place where they feel safe
telemarketing because it upsets people to always have them calling and also they are usually rude
fast food should not be banned as it is comforting, allows for social events and interaction and is enjoyed by many
telemarketing is an annoyance.  allowing people to bother you by calling unsolicited is a nuisance and should be eliminated.
gender-neutral language would show we respect peoples choices.
we should not ban because it helps people feel good about themselves and improve their confidence.
cannabis is not as harmful to humans as tobacco or alcohol and can have many health benefits
we shouldn't ban algorithmic trading because it gets more done than using single instructions and it's more systematic
some people classify themselves as gender neutral and we should respect them with our language
pride parades cause violence and hate
this will prevent offending people or creating divisions amongst people
it sends a valuable message to the lgbt community that they are free and able to celebrate their lives
acting takes children away from their education and normal childhood pursuits
many great actors of today started as children and had no problem in their growth
for minority groups used to all manner of persecutionl, safe spaces provide a metaphorical 'breathing space' where they can connect with themselves in a fear-free environment.
de-emphasizing gender in every day conversation will have long term benefits for humanity.
child actors are robbed of their childhood and can face much emotional turmoil as an adult from missing this important step in childhood.
Corporations should decide for themselves whether to keep a worker because they are the ones directly impacted, mandatory retirement encroached on corporate rights.
everyone has opinions about themselves and should be in control of how they treat their bodies
gender-neutral language should be adoppted in todays society where peoples sex  is self determined and more fluid, because it avoids offence or discrimination
mandatory retirement is a form of discrimination, namely ageism, we cannot allow as a free society discrimination of any kind
we need these people but not if they are a nuisance and try to criticize our personal beliefs.
we should allow young people to express their individualism.
mandatory retirement is age discrimination and shouldn't be allowed to happen.
Pride parades allow communities to be open and free about their lifestyles in a way that everyone else can all the time, they are fun, community events that go beyond the LGBTQ communities.
telemarketing is perfectly fine, when handled by telemarketers appropriately and politely with respect to potential customers
the use of gender pronouns tends to single out one gender from the other and can be offensive to some.
pride parades are a fantastic way for individuals to celebrate their identities which history has long put down as being not normal or labeled as a disorder.
libertarianism gives us real freedom and keeps the government out of our lives
adopting gender neutral language would make it easier to be inclusive.
zoos can help people, especially those with little money, to  discover the beauty of wildlife and learn how to protect  endangered species
cosmetic surgery can provide boost in confidence. everyone should have the right to feel comfortable.
zoos are an educational and entertaining tool and the animals are well fed and cared for.
we should because times are changing and people are not sure of their gender anymore so it stops people being offended.
i think it takes up too much valuable police resources chasing recreational cannabis smokers.also many people with health conditions find cannabis beneficial to them.
we should not ban the use of child actors because then movies and shows wouldn't have any children in them
legalizing prostitution could empower women and make them safer
wikipedia is useful in helping people of all ages learn about various topics..
school uniforms stifle the ability of kids to be creative in how they dress and express themselves.
missionaries basically bribe the poor to change to their religion.
telemarketing gives us new opportunities and we can often save money on our services.
scientific studies have shown that cannabis is safe as a recreational drug
people need to be allowed to make their own food choices, for some people ithout thir own kitchen then fast food may be the only way they can ever get a hot meal
cannabis can help alleviate many medical issues.
autonomous cars can have benefits such as allowing anyone to travel inside a car such as disabled and vulnerable people who others would not be able to get to other places.
safe spaces foster isolation and retreat from the rest of society and they do nothing to address underlying safety issues.
school prayers are outdated in a modern society, religion is a private matter someone should practice at home
cosmetic surgery helps build self esteem
telemarketing is annoying to most people and takes away time from people's busy days.
zoos are an excellent way to provide entertainment and togetherness for families. they provide activities that no other venue can provide. they should not be abolished.
as long as it doesn't interfere with their schooling and they are well looked after i don't see a problem.
austerity makes times tougher for everyone.
the most basic right we have is freedom of religion, and it is very strong personal belief.  atheism strips that away and should not be encouraged.
economic sanctions are outdated and does not cause any repercussions.
minors are too young to make these choices
everyone should have a chance to celebrate their culture, gay culture included.
cosmetic surgery helps people feel better about their appearance, which can help them create positive changes in other areas of their life.
it would make everyone equal and then they would be happy
pride parades help promote a diversity of lifestyle options & thinking
we should ban human cloning because cloning takes away from the unique individuality of a person.
we should adopt a zero tolerance because it will keep the children in check.
people have the right to be free and cannabis is a safe drug to be used as recreational
children are humans too and with their consent and their parent's consent, should be allowed to work
libertarianism is the ideal for society. it increases freedom and responsibilities. society would flourish, people would be happier.
these days, child actors are provided with tutors while on set to ensure their education is minimally disrupted and there is more support than there used to be
mandatory retirement should be ended because it could force many seasoned veterans to retire every year
gender nuetral language fits in with the progressive agenda.
telemarketing intrudes on the personal lives of people through unwanted calls and unsolicited mail, therefore it should be banned.
Legalizing sex selection will help parents to have the exact family makeup they have always dreamed of.
the use of economic sanctions should be ended because it is important to keep a good relationship with the countries we trade with.
everyone should have a right to be happy.
some pride parades can get overtly sexual, blurring the line of public decency.
without child actors there will be no characters for actual children to relate to
cosmetic surgery is a personal choice that people should be allowed
allowing sex selection would alleviate the depression faced by mother's who truly wanted one gender over another.
legalizing prostitution would allow for regulations and benefits that would help sex workers via offering protection with rights granted to legal employment as well as financial prosperity.
Zoos keep animals in captivity and deny them the right to their natural environment therefore they should be abolished.
there are always exceptions to everything so zero-tolerance policies are not good because it doesn't allow for any exceptions.
it will prevent misgendering an individual
the olympic games pits countries against each other and can increase levels of discrimination when athletes compete, so therefore it should be banned.
it is a decision that only parents can make until they are old enough to decide
We should not adopt an austerity regime because austerity only made countries like Greece and Argentina poorer.
missionary work brings aid to those in dire circumstances while introducing faith into the lives of those that will benefit from the introductory by missionaries.
the olympics bring people together and form fun rivalries between countries, all vying for a top spot among the world's athletes
Many people that are forced into retirement often do not have the means of supporting themselves financially, and so either turn to part time, low-wage work or welfare to sustain themselves.
we should legalize cannabis because it is harmless.
we should adopt gender-neutral language so nobody will get offended
space exploration is a good adventure. our planet is in a future risk of extinct and we should best prepare our refuge in space exploration
pride parades can get dangerous and out of control
science is important and can be beneficial to society.
child actors are important so programs can show people of ages and are reflective of society. child actors are an important part of  the industry and are needed to reflect people accurately.
an austerity regime can prevent people from having the funds they need to live the life they chose.
we should cancel pride parades because they put unsavory ideas into our children's heads.
algorithmic trading has increased trading which is good for the economy
telemarketing is a nuisance that antagonises potential customers of a business
Many child actors are put under a huge amount of pressure to perform well and can be denied most of their childhood by unscrupulous adults that only want to profit from their talents.
Legalizing prostitution will help destigmatize sex in society more broadly and allow people to feel individually empowered.
telemarketing can cause a lot of stress to older and vulnerable members of society who do not know how to deal with it.
in some cases cosmetic surgery is essential, such as after accidents, and therefore shouldn't be banned.
fast food is convenient food and cheap
safe spaces allow for those who are triggered to go somewhere to seek a space free of triggers
safe places don't allow people to develop the conflict resolution abilities they may need later in life.  it allows one to hide away instead.
pride parades are offensive to a lot of people
A system that fires the competent along with the incompetent solely because of age is irrational and cruel
cosmetic surgery helps to reconstruct physical aspects such as a person who has had a mastectomy and wants  surgery to restore their breats.
we should adopt atheism because it gives the freedom from being bound by a religion and their rules
it is an interesting concept that even though it hasn't caused much impact yet could possibly be a happy medium between the two existing parties and should be considered.
school uniforms are unflattering, uncomfortable, and expensive.
we should not abolish zoos because it makes it so people can see animals that they may not otherwise be able to see due to their location.
the olympic games should not be abolished as they bring the world together to see outstanding sport and encouges young people to take up sport andd strive for success
we should adopt libertarianism because it gives citizens more freedom to live their live how they want
telemarketing should be banned because it is just plain annoying.  if someone really wants a product they will go buy it and not wait for someone to call them about it.
Safe spaces create an echo chamber where only currently accepted ideas are allowed to be spoken and any dissent is blocked out, preventing change and growth.
We should not end mandatory retirement because it opens up positions for young people who otherwise could never begin their career.
the olympic games provide employment of many people and are entertaining
some women need the income to provide for their children and themselves
telemarketing is harassment. people who did not consent to contact are bombarded by calls from strangers. it's long past time to do away with telemarketing.
voting is so important. voter turnout would be much higher if compulsory voting was introduced.
children should be allowed to work in performing arts or professional sports, a ban does not make sense, nothing bad is being done
we shouldn't adopt atheism because it will lead to most hostile arguments against the religious trying to shove their belief down your throat
we should ban the use of child actors because it strips them of childhood, let them be children and play and mess around
school uniforms place an unneeded financial burden on parents that are already paying large sums for private schools besides the fact that dress clothes are uncomfortable and add distraction to learning.
the new generations need the opportunity to advance in their preparation, that is why if they do not have the means and the state does not provide free education then it should promote means such as loans.
we should not ban cosmetic surgery because some people need it done to improve their health and lifestyle
older employees have a wealth of knowledge and experience and forcing them to retire could put a company's productivity at risk.
We should adopt gender-neutral language so we have a word to use instead of he/she, his/her, etc. for gender fluid people who he/she, his her, etc. aren't accurate.
telemarketing is intrusive and unhelpful
i think the we shouldn't ban the use of child actors because is good for thier cultural formation
telemarketing is an irritant, a waste of time,  and gives too many people spam calls which isn't helpful when the person is waiting for  a phone call from a potential employer, etc.
minors should have a choice in what to do with their bodies
Cloning could lead to designer humans and we will lose the diversity of the human race
safe spaces may be the intention but people do not necessarily adhere to such titles and their would be no differentiation of a safe space vs. negative.
fast food is a cheap treat and to ban it would be to take the joy out of life for many people.
we should not abolish the olympic games because it is a form of entertainment for many people
we should ban the use of child actors as they should be concentrating on getting an education first
legitimate prostitutes as in those not forced into the trade are hurting no one and simply providing pleasure at a cost.  pleasure that some people can't get obtain any other way.
religions produce color to the world and celebrate the diversity of people so it would be a duller world without it, so we should not adopt atheism.
telemarketers  try to force a product or service without caring if you even need it
with the rise of racism and white supremacy we should adopt libertarianism into our society.   allowing for open borders and anyone and everyone to come here and live the life we all want.
child actors miss out on growing up naturally as a child should, with proper education, stable background and without the pressures of work at a young age and so they should be banned
collectivism does not allow one person to stand out from the others, which can be negative
people can learn a lot from doing missionary work and it can enrich their lives travelling around the world and learning about different cultures
we should adopt atheism so as not to be tied to doing things by some religions
pride parades cause too many problems in the community.  they disrupt the peace and cause a lot of litter
in moderation, fast food can be a treat or convenient meal for busy people.  we should allow people to enjoy it.
telemarketers selling scams interrupt precious family time with incessant phone calls.
the olympic games  are an important celebration of athleticism that the whole world can participate in.
cosmetic surgery is beneficial to minors who have had a traumatic experience for instance burns also for corrective surgery
gender-neutral language is simpler and more straight forward and respects all genders without bias.
the school uniform does not allow for the uniqueness and expression of the individual
mandatory retirement allows for new people to saturate the workforce and the older generation to relax.  this is a good thing.
women should have the right to decide what to do with their body and that should include being able to sell it.
with proper guidance and protection, children can be a valuable asset to the artistic process.
the olympic games are a way for nations to compete in a friendly way and to encourage people of all ages to take up sport.
people are so afraid of an imaginary punishment that they do not live their lives to the fullest - with atheism, it will be more convincing to live in the present.
algorihmitic trading is much less expensive for the individual trader.
we should allow science to further their research even if it includes human cloning.
telemarketing is an invasion of privacy, especially when they call at late hours, during meals and/or repetitively even after asking for the call to stop.
children should be learning and playing, not working
minors are not mature enough to make these decisions
as long as they have parental permission, children should be allowed to improve their physical appearance
atheism should not be adopted as it would be offensive to various religious groups.
cannabis should be legalized with the same limitations as alcohol
new times, new ways of communicating, inclusion and adaptation are the key.
everyone deserves to be safe and has the right to safety.
we should not adopt libertarianism because that would be forcing a way of life on people that don't want it
we should change how people treat others rather than make safe spaces
telemarketing is considered a nuisance to many and other forms of advertising are much more effective and less invasive.
we should ban telemarketing since it is a nuisance to the people who they berate with phone calls.  very few of the people called are interested.  wasting peoples time needs to be stopped.
school uniform does not allow for individuals to express themselves and grow as a person
safe spaces can help those hurting from abuse, anger, etc to feel protected
Missionary work isn't suitable to our times, and to be honest it was always patronizing and westernizing.
cosmetic surgery shouldn't be banned because there are plenty of cases and times when someone is in a accident and they actually need it to fix their appearance.
for some people who suffer from poor self esteem, cosmetic surgery can offer hope.
it helps so many people and there is no good reason for it to be illegal when alcohol is not.
as quality of life improves and the average lifespan increases, mandatory retirement looks more and more out of step with the modern human life experience.
A collectivist culture cultivates desirable values such as being kind, generous, and attentive to the needs of others.
cannabis provides many benefits, including soothing the pain of people that are ill.  the fact that it is still illegal is outdated and should be changed.
if people can afford it then it is their choice
religion has been the root cause of more pain and bloodshed throughout history than anything else - an atheist approach is a healthier way of life than rigid, deathly adherence to a divisive doctrine.
a person's value should not be based on a number.  just because you reach a certain age does not mean you do not want or need to work.  mandatory retirement hurts elderly workers.
missionary work should never be banned as this is people doing the lord's work and bringing peace and happiness to the world.
we should ban telemarketing because it has gotten way out of hand. the phone was once a convience now its a hassle.
fast food restaurants sell all types of food including soups and salads.  people should be able to choose what they want to eat without government interference.
the cancellation of pride parades runs totally counter to a society wishing to preach tolerance and equality, and would set a dangerous precedent.
telemarketing is annoying and leads to people falling for potential scams.
the olympic games encourage sports all around the world
telemarketers are annoying and relentless.
pride parades are entertaining and demonstrate that everybody is equal regardless of their sexuality
We should not abolish safe spaces because sometimes limits on certain types of speech are necessary to preserve other types of speech.
we should not oppose this because groups are what make society and should be recognised all together.
they enable people to celebrate their sexuality and bring the culture to the wider general public.
plastic surgery is a life altering decision and should not be taken lightly so much so that if you are a minor you should not be allowed to get it
children should be free to have fun and enjoy life not made to work in hire pressure situations so we should ban the use of child actors.
gender-neutral language is political correctness taken to an absurd degree - there is no need to reinvent words and language for the sake of gender equality in an increasingly open society.
libertarianism should be adopted as it will give more freedom to people to live their lives as they wish.
being permissive of disruptive behavior is unfair to well-behaved students.
We should support collectivism because people have more freedom when they are supported in their choices than when they have to scramble for everything on their own.
we need to support price parades because everyone has the right to celebrate their cultures and diversities.
intellectual property rights protects the ideas that will lead to a solid invention/investment and therefore need to be protected, not abolished.
legalizing prostitution will allow it to be carried out in a safe environment
mandatory retirement is discrimination against older people who may still have something of value to contribute to society.
this is just taking things too far. people should not be offended by pronouns.
missionaries help the less fortunate in third world countries, such as setting up schools and clinics.
we have to respect the view of judges so they need to have the freedom to express judicial activism.
we should adopt a zero-tolerance policy because it will keep kids disciplined and the schools will be safer
some cultures see whaling as a tradition that is important to their history and custom.
pride parades are a way for people to come together and celebrate being themselves and shouldn't be cancelled.
we should cancel pride parades because it is not needed to show off people everything what they wanted.
atheism offends the beliefs of most people. no one should be forced to deny their belief in god
cosmetic surgery increases women's self-esteem and makes them more self-confident
better education is good for the nation
pride parades do the exact opposite of what they're meant to.  instead of making themselves part of the community, they're making themselves stand apart
School uniforms limit the ability for students to express themselves.
telemarketing is an unwarranted and intrusive breach of a person's privacy, selling useless goods and services not requested by the consumer.
fast food is a treat that can be enjoyed when eaten sensibly and brings joy and social interaction.
school uniforms prevent students from wearing disturbing clothing, like neo-nazi propaganda pieces, thus allowing students to concentrate on their studies.
there is an increase in anti-social behaviour and lack of respect among schoolchildren these days so a zero-tolerance policy will quickly teach them to respect the rule and people in general
cosmetic surgery gives you the assurance you were lacking physically
the church of scientology should be banned because they espouse a fake science narative and using bullying and terror to keep people quiet.
School uniforms can alleviate peer pressure due to clothing choices.
kids in schools are not always mature enough to understand the consequences of their actions.  a zero-tolerance policy would just be punishing students that need the most guidance.
autonomous cars can help people to do more long distance traveling that will allow them to arrive refreshed and less anxious.
algorithmic trading makes it easier for poor people to get more money, all they need to do is come up with an algorithm that makes them more money
some telemarketing is beneficial as it may be selling useful products or services.
Legalizing prostitution won't do away with it, it will just make it more prevalent and will push more people to sell their body.
wikipedia is a vital rescourse which should be subsidised to keep it going.
its their body minors should be able to do what they want, especially if its impacting their self image
people should be able to wear whatever they want.  a school uniform stunts students' creativity.
journalists put their lives on the line when they report news from war zones, or shootings or natural disasters.
Incentive to perform at the highest levels and attractiveness of position are important factors in maintaining a competitive and successful company in a fast moving and aggressive marketplace.
We should end mandatory retirement as it is ageist and outdated and people should be given the opportunity to work for as long as they feel able.
with todays progression it only makes sense, then we wont insult people.
mandatory retirement discriminates based on age, not ability and should be ended
pride parades are often have displays of almost naked people and sexual imagery.
embryonic stem cell research is playing god and is offensive to some religions.
Zero tolerance policies send a strong signal to students, parents, and the community that violence and bullying will not be tolerated.
zero-tolerance policy is too harsh not letting a way for even a minor fault. students are terrorized and are no more comfortable for studying
inclusive language is the first step to creating a society where the lgbt community is not abused
school prayer puts the students in the correct mindset and helps them to be more respectful and cooperative throughout the day.
prayer can bring students a moment of peace and tranquility to an otherwise hectic school day.
as there are many genders out there today, not using  gender-neutral language excludes far more people than in the past.
school prayer promotes conflict in the classroom and therefore should be prohibited
Mandatory retirement is age-based discrimination. It is discriminatory to assume that everyone who reaches the age of 65 or 70 is incompetent.
wikipedia provides a great utility to most if not all citizens and therefore it is just to subsidize it.
Mandatory retirement should be in place for careers that require good physical health, younger ages and good flexibility such as law enforcement or any first responder career.
in order that gender-neutral people feel comfortable and not exluded from society, gender-neutral language should be adopted.
school uniforms stunt young peoples' creativity.
Telemarketing is a waste of time for all parties involved and  rarely results in a sale for the company doing the telemarketing and provides a disturbance in the lives of those who are called
missionary work tries to inflict other's beliefs onto people in more vulnerable circumstances.
ending mandatory retirement is the right thing to help older people.
intellectual property rights should be abolished as it limits competitions and innovation.
we should ban telemarketing since most would agree it is unwanted solicitation. if i am in the market for an item or service, i will contact the company. they should not be contacting me.
gender neutral language is a way to be more sensitive and politically correct in a modern society with a plurality of genders
kids should be kids and not put to work. especially when some roles can cause emotional trauma and lasting effects when children's understanding of real and fake is often blurred.
they are a distraction from everyday life
we should not ban cosmetic surgery for minors because they should have the freedom to express their beauty even if that means correcting it with surgery. it can improve their self-worth and happiness.
telemarketing is nothing but a nuisance and are a vehicle for scams
Nuclear weapons also provide a safety net for countries in case of an attack  and should not be banned.
having nuclear weapons available giving a country power in today politics and abolition of it is not a option.
the organ trade should be legalized because it would result in the suppression of the black market for organs and therfore be safer for both donors and recipients
the school uniform takes away bullying for those who cannot afford what is "in"
if a zero tolerance policy in schools is adopted, this will impinge on the rights of the pupils to challenge decisions they may deem unfair or unfit.
school uniforms restrict students to make their own decisions and choices
missionaries are just trying to spread positivity into the world.
if there are problems with kids and acting then just regulate it more and don't ban it completely
the olympic games bring tourism to the place hosting it and that can be very beneficial.
we should cancel pride parades as we need to stop support single groups of people as it only causes more strife.
child actors are often exploited by the film industry and should not be used
human cloning could allow parents an opportunity to replace a dead child and baby with a new child that is the same. this would help them deal with their original loss.
we accept collectivism because it leads to less conflict due to people thinking as a team instead of one person thinking about themselves and causing trouble
there would be a decrease in morals and morality
over sensitive people will be offended if we don't.
telemarketing is unsolicited and often unwelcome
the use of school uniforms can eliminate many social issues among students.
stem cell research may offend religious individuals
the olympic games provide the opportunity for people from all countries to meet each other and learn about people from other places.
i agree that we should ban telemarketing as it is a nuisance and is often unable to be differentiated from scammers
this would be a great way to allow blind people to be independent
people have the right to eat anything they would like.
Fast food provides a cheap and consistent meal for many people who see it as an occasional meal or treat and this should not be restricted because others cannot make good dietary choices.
for multiple reasons the right of intellectual property should not be abolished since it gives others the participation of making their intellect known and putting it into practice in various activities
this should not be banned as it makes trading easier and simpler.
we should not ban fast food as it is cheap and convenient making busy modern day life easier.
the money spent on subsidizing space exploration could be better spent on other things that help all of society
people have the free will to choose what they want to eat regardless of how unhealthy it is
we should adopt gender-neutral language because it will stop people from being offended from misidentifying them
the games are a good way to bring nations together in a sense of fun and friendly competition.
many films and television shows have child roles which could only be filled by children. as long as the children are protected it means that the finished product will have higher artistic integrity.
we should not cancel pride parades because they have the right to celebrate too.
algorithmic trading is computer based and does not allow for any type of inspiration in trading.
we should ban the church of scientology because  scientologists become hostile toward anything that is critical toward the religion
telemarketing is an invasive nuisance, and is a platform for many types of fraud.
there needs to be places where in the world where bias and recrimination does not exist. people need a safe space so they are not bothered by prejudice and bias.
in a fast paced society a quick meal is a blessing
Small, harmless cosmetic surgeries can do a lot for increasing a child's confidence and productivity.
Some parents put too much stress on children to study. They send their children to tuition after school or just make them sit to do homework forgetting the importance of free time to play. This movement has the potential to change their minds and as a result, they may encourage their children to go out and play.
This movement has the potential to make more people embrace traditional Indian martial art forms like Kathi Samu, Musti Yudha, etc, and traditional dance forms and also healthy Indian snacks. And as a byproduct, this may result in creating some jobs.
The motivation to maintain fitness should start from childhood. But in India, many schools lack playgrounds. Lack of playgrounds may push children to turn to inactive lifestyles.
People are now engaging in trolling and cyberbullying. Hiding behind devices is giving them the courage to harass other people, which they may not do face-to-face. This is the deterioration of moral values.
Industrialization increased work hours. Workers faced inhuman conditions. Humans cannot work and focus continuously like machines. Fast forward to today, we have technological devices to check how many hours we actually work. Some companies want to be connected 24 hours a day through emails and messages. This makes people feel less human.
We are increasingly depending on technological devices to guide us. For example, we keep reminders on smartphones and google the questions for answers. We are outsourcing the activities that require intelligence to technology. Thinking, remembering things, and analyzing are essential qualities of humans. Too much dependence on technology is making us less human.
Using technology, people are maintaining and improving relationships with their friends, family, and relatives. Many people are also connecting with each other to help the needy and inspire each other. So, now we have better tools to build human connections.
If political parties come under the RTI, it will affect their smooth internal functioning. Rivals may use RTI to malign each other. Also, since the political parties are not connected to the public directly, an RTI would be invalid.
People switch careers even after working in one field for several yearsbecause our interests do change.So, when someone can do this while having so many personal responsibilities, it is much easier foryoungstersto learn a new skill.
Mostly, sales jobs have a variable component. This might negatively impact the employees attitude towards customers. They may force the customers irrationally just to make profits for themselves. They might overstate the price to the customers just to make more profit. Whereas, an employee with a fixed salary would maintain healthy and positive relations with the customers, striking the right balance in their approach.
The huge data we produce every day is analyzed and fed into our devices through algorithms that we end up giving more and more control of our lives to the gadgets. We may feel that we receive all these services for free, but they come at the cost of our precious time and attention.
After a daily 10-hour shift from Monday to Friday most of us prefer to stay at home on the holidays. We surround ourselves with laptops, TV, and mobile and use them in cycles for Netflix, sports, social media, etc. (thinking that we are relaxing) rather than going out. We prefer and are more comfortable with online chatting instead of talking to people for real. There are fewer meaningful relationships nowadays because of all the above factors. We have started preferring isolation.
People dont trust neo-banks as much because they dont have a physical presence, which makes them a risk for customers in case of any issues or challenges. In-person customer service may appear more trustworthy to customers.
During the covid pandemic time, social media helped people in maintaining their social life.Social media made it possible to stay connected with friends and loved ones all the time. We can easily know what is happening in their lives. It allowed us to communicate with multiple people at the same time by sharing posts.
Due to social media, now we have the opportunity to connect with many people, even if they do not live in our area. Before social media, we could interact with people from either our locality or the places we go.
Trolling on social media is a big menace. It is affecting the self-esteem of many people and is also making them avoid forming social connections.
Through close-knit communities or micro-communities based on shared interests on social media along with private messaging, social media gave us an opportunity to build real connections with people we can really relate to.
Moonlighting can help in upskilling. A few people want to learn new skills apart from what they are working on in their primary job. This can help them in developing expertise in their field. Some might get bored with monotonous jobs and hence take up second jobs to learn new skills and thereby make their days exciting.
Technical issues in banking can halt access to our money. This can interfere with our daily lives.
There is a shortage of skilled workers in many countries. When college education is free, this problem will be solved.
Bursting crackers on Diwali has always been on the to-do list in every family. A Deepavali without firecrackers will definitely be a cut-down in entertainment and recreation for the kids, as well as the elders.
The future belongs to technology. Cryptocurrencies make peer-to-peer financial transactions a lot easier. This currency can be sent from any part of the world to any part of the world. Hence there will be no struggle of exchanging currencies like Dollars for the Rupee etc. While traveling the world, there will no hurdle of exchanging our currencies with local currencies.
Reality shows give opportunity for children to bring out their hidden talents and to train their skills. It gives them a sense of purpose and direction from a very young age. The present education system doesnt include other career options such as singing, acting, dancing, games, etc. Reality shows closes this loophole in the education system.
Reporters often try to make victims speak on the incident. Even in the cases of death, reporters rush to the incident and ask questions the victim's family, when they really need some space and time to grieve.
Beauty pageant can increase the objectification of women.
Reality shows give opportunity for children to bring out their hidden talents and to finess their skills.
Though right to protest is a fundamental right, people do not have right to take away the fundamental rights of others such as going to their work, doing their personal works etc. Not everyone is against to the changes by government. Some people may support it and may not support the ban. Forcing them to stay at home is undemocratic.
It's by no means irrelevant what kind of cars people use; 25% renewable + 25% nuclear + 50% combustible is better than 100% combustible gasoline. 
Frontex interfering with the national border guards doing their sacred duty to protect the border, and then sending anonymous reports to criticize these brave men and women is quite abhorrent. 
The shameful policy (and practice) of Europe these days towards migrants is contradictory to the respect we need to show to fellow world citizens. And it is not in line with the fundamental rights the EU is supposed to put into practice. 
There are countries like Greece to which to my knowledge is no train connection from other EU countries at all. That should be a top priority for the EU! 
I recently read that especially African families tend to send their smartest, best educated youngsters abroad to improve the family situation. These people are desperately needed both for the future of their home countries and for our future. We need skilled & educated people in many sectors, but sends such people back to their home countries, because they were unfortunate enough to be refugees.
Migration is part of being human and has always happened throughout history.    
The EU needs a humane, civilized, and legal way to manage migration, whether it is for economic reasons or to seek international protection. 
Migrants have an enormous amount to offer in energy, new ideas, and cultures. Why this emphasis on imaginary 'takeovers'?
The standardized retirement age would not only be fairer in an open market, but it would also (and even more so in the future) prevent any complexities with being paid their retirement for those who have made their contributions in different Member States throughout their lives. Even though there is to be at least a central system for this (a step in the right direction), one will only receive a share of one's retirement from a particular Member State once one reaches the retirement age of that Member State.
As we are transitioning into a more extensive digital age every day we still should not forget that as we age it gets harder to be quick with digital news, information, and advances in society. Therefore even right now our current older generations and future older generations need a physical touch point where competent people would be able to introduce on the spot what that one person as a citizen of the European Union can do that exact day to influence the benefit of Europe and their country.
It seems like a no-brainer to say something like this, but actually the way, we handle soil, must change massively to halt the climate crisis and mitigate its consequences. Thus we need to recultivate and restore abandoned and contaminated places and shift agriculture to regenerative agriculture or restoration agriculture. We need to stabilize family farms and make them ecologically, financially, and socially sustainable. We need between big and medium-sized farms and also highly productive smallholder farms and wildlife reservoirs. This all depends on a lot of labor, engaged people, and legal and conceptual infrastructure. Having all this in place will foster urban areas as well. 
I think a very good transportation system within European cities is very much desirable. There is not enough space for many parking lots anyway, electro-cars won't be able to replace common cars, and urban spaces have to become greener.  In order for many people to accept that the use of cars will have been a thing of the past, they should be offered very good alternatives in the future and, hopefully, appreciate green mobility through good public transport within urban areas.
No, this is a horrible idea to force people to go vegan. While I agree that we, as a society, are eating too much meat, which is bad for both the environment and our health, this will only create tension and anger towards the EU. 
Public services of good quality and universal access are key to ensuring fairer, more inclusive, and equal societies. They have a clear redistributive effect and help steer development in a more sustainable direction. The Covid-19 crisis if anything helped to prove the crucial role that the public sector and public services play and must continue playing!
I think forcing people to eat a limited amount of meat is totally the wrong way because of the following reasons:  1. It would cause so much more bureaucracy  2. forbidding it would understandably make a lot of people very mad. I mean who likes to be told what to eat?  3. I think it's important to have the freedom to eat what you want I think a much better solution would be to increase the tax on meat. Making it less attractive for people.
I think the EU should subsidies troubled cash-strapped cities to reduce ticket prices or completely remove any charges so that people are vivisected to hop on the bus rather than in the car. As I student, I would have been in the city center a lot more and spent money around the shops if I could afford the bus fair in the first place. 
Juridical protection of dignity, right to life, and integrity of every human being from conception are of fundamental importance for the future of Europe.  The dignity and integrity of the human embryo must be respected. This is enounced by the ECJ in the Brstle vs Greenpeace case, which recalls the definition of the human embryo as the beginning of the development of the human being. To ensure consistency in areas of its competence where the life of the human embryo is at stake, the EU should prohibit that presuppose the destruction of human embryos.
Aggression, division, and violence we see in mass media should be stopped. Only the best human qualities should be promoted, this way we will raise a generation of kind, caring, and responsible people.
The problem of youth employment has been there for a long time but was underlined again during the pandemic. Many young people are forced to move to a different country in order to find work. 
What we are now seeing are the first waves of a human tsunami. In sub-Saharan Africa, over years the population will have grown to 2,0 billion.  That is more than the people who live in the EU and US today.  At the same time, the Population in the EU is shrinking. When we keep the border open the EU as a viable society will disappear.  Not much of a future for the young Europeans.
EU should show more strength when dealing with foreign powers. In addition, there should be a vision about where we want to go in the long term with the EU, and this is in an increasingly complex (and sometimes hostile) world. 
For sure you are technically or geographically correct, geographically Europe extends to the Ural mountains  But in this forum, we initiate a common thinking on the future of Europe, which we associate with the EU. So please avoid any reference to arrogance and don't corrupt this respectful debate. 
The EU should not get involved in trying to spread democracy with threats and punishments, leave that to the US. 
Migration is part of being human and has always happened throughout history.    
If young Europeans are living abroad they will feel racism on their own in the country they are living in. 
Migrants willingly risk their lives.
