it gives people a platform to pretend, show off and to bully others. it also makes people believe that everyone else has everything they want and that their lives are perfect, leading to mental health issues.
social media brings more harm than good because it causes people to judge themselves too harshly in comparison of the seemingly perfect lives of others online.
homeopathy uses natural remedies that have little to no side affects on the body.
no matter how much suffering we have in life nothing justifies death in the same way i think that a sick person is not in the capacity of whether he wants to live or not
these payday loan places prey on poor people and situations where they can charge more.
Surrogacy is the only way that some couples will ever be able to have a child.
using entrapment to catch people in the act of committing a crime shouldn't be legal because it forces people into a situation.
saving a child life and giving the options in their life, bringing the safe and prosper future to the kid and making him as a valued citizen.
with the sexual revolution, the vow of celibacy is outdated and has little value in today's society.
surrogacy is hugely emotionally damaging on the birth mother, and is often only resorted to as a result of financial hardship.
social media causes harm by people trying to live up to their peers.
intelligence tests can generate stress and cause poor performance of the individual because it consists of a comparison of their intellectual capacity with others
social media does more harm as it emboldens people to be more self serving and vain as people do stuff on social media for likes and retweets.
assisted suicide is unethical how do we know that the person who is assisting the suicide hasnt got something to gain from the death of the other person
Assisted suicide helps those who are in pain due to a devastating disease end their own lives on their own terms.
intelligence tests are really not so much about intelligence but about the ability to take a test so, of course, it does more harm than good in that it will label people wrongly based on their test-taking.
assisted suicide should be a criminal offence because is aginst the life of person
people that do well at intelligence tests are the ones supporting it, causing inequality in their favor, instead of using other empirically valid test.
normal men and women need the ability to respond to their sexual needs.
in some cases we can't be certain if the person truly wanted to die. some people could use assisted suicide as a way to remove someone they believe is burden.
We should subsidize not vocational education because it will discourage students from going into traditional higher education, and therefore limit their career options.
intelligence tests are a way to get a good idea of how smart someone is, even if the results aren't necessarily 100% accurate they give a good base to judge people on.
it gives people a feeling of superiority over others. some people are just not good test takers, it doesn't mean they aren't intelligent.
the vow of celibacy is an outdated thinking
the trades need more workers and we should encourage kids who aren't college material to pick up a trade.
People possess many different forms of I Q, from logical IQ to emotional IQ and that might not always be highlighted in standard IQ tests
some sick people don't want to go on suffering, and this is the way they want.
if subsidies were put into place for vocational education then other areas of education would also want subsidies and this would cost the government far too much to implement.
Vocational education is already pretty inexpensive and a graduate of a vocational school should be able to pay off the fees very quickly.
it instill a culture of selfish self importance
intelligence test give some people a false sense of superiority and others a feeling of failure. the test does not tell  how successful a person will be and their ability to function in the real world.
subsidising vocational training won't make the quality of training any better so there isn't any point in doing so.
intelligence tests bring more harm than good because it will give people low self esteem if they get a low score on the test
yes, you need to make workers aware of what they can really spend, no borrowing
payday loans take advantage of desperate people and do nothing to solve financial problems.
this is a fundamental part of being a priest or nun. they don't need this distraction.
some people are very intelligent but have a difficult time when it comes to taking tests.  therefore they could be labeled as less intelligent as they really are.
surrogacy is an artificial means of creating more children.  if a person can not have children then they should adopt since there are many children that need parents.
the vow of celibacy should not be abandoned because that is part of some religions
the holocaust is a clearly documented event, anyone who denies it's existence can be easily disproven so money and time should not be wasted criminalizing it and creating laws.
I.Q. tests provide genuine insight into an individual's capabilities
intelligence tests are important for differentiating instruction for students that need it.
the vow of celibacy should be abandoned to prevent such unattainable pressures being placed upon religious leaders
vocational education should be no more subsidised than academic education
Holocaust denial should not be a criminal offence since the public should be educated, and punishment is an ineffective way of achieving this goal
intelligence tests bring more harm than good by focusing on strengths and weaknesses.
assisted suicide should not be a criminal defense because in some cases, like people who have terminal cancer, you are doing them a mercy and saving them from suffering.
vocational education should be subsidized because all students don't necessarily need a college education and rack up lots of debt in four year colleges.
to move with the modern times the vow of celibacy should be abandoned.
public defenders level the playing field in court
surrogacy is a unnatural way of reproducing and should be banned.
It is preferable to legalize entrapment and allow for random tests of civilians obeying the law than to have over-policing and community monitoring which uses more resources and causes more tension with the community.
people should be able to believe what they want.
we should abandon television because it causes screen addictions
education of all types is already being paid for by the cities where the schools are located
intelligence tests seek to rank people based on an arbitrary test.  it hurts the self esteem of people that probably have proficiency in a different type of intelligence that the test tests.
if someone can afford a good lawyer you are violating their rights by stopping them
assisted suicide should be a criminal offence because it does not allow a person to die a natural death.
the world today is polluted with fake ideas and fake news thanks to social media.
the blockade of the gaza strip  should not be ended as there is still no end to the violence in the region.
homeschooling doesn't allow the child to have the same social aspect that they would attain at a regular school.
assisted suicide allows one to end terminal pain and suffering and should be allowed to continue.
blockading a terror entity is the only solution other than combating it
as more time passes, it becomes increasingly important to acknowledge the holocaust's ugly truth, lest we never repeat it.
holocaust denial should not be a criminal offence because though offensive it infringes the right to free speech
surrogacy should be banned because it could cause emotional damage to the carrier.
holocaust denial is a preposterous denial of documented fact and is the seed to more dangerous opinions and actions that allow anti-semitism to fester and spread.
it should be abandoned because they have the same desires as every human has
entrapment should not be legalised if it induces a person to commit a crime that they would have otherwise been unlikely to commit
assisted suicide allows people who have terrible health conditions to die with dignity. if assisted suicide is a crime they may have to endure many more years living in agony.
Mandating the use of public defenders would allow everyone to have the same level of legal defense; the rich won't be able to buy the best lawyers.
the vow of celibacy should be abandoned because it is outdated and usually causes more harm than good because the celibate person looks for release in the wrong places.
social media helps to enable bullying.
intelligence tests help to identify people that need extra help and therefore are an essential tool
the vow of celibacy symbolizes a priest or nun's commitment to their calling, and is an important show of faith.
people suffering with no chance for recovery deserve to choose this type of death to end suffering and loss of dignity.
the vow of celibacy is no longer relevant in today's society and should be abandoned
there is no longer a need for television now that alternative media are available
Assisted suicide is a criminal offense and is a form of assisted murder
subsidies for vocational education don't work because they do not increase the number of people who choose this career path
television is a medium that no longer provides anything but mind-numbing "entertainment"
Making the use of public defenders mandatory is an unfair obligation placed on a state.
assisted suicide is a humane way to end a life as we do with animals in pain and should not be a criminal offence.
social media causes people to feel sad about their own lives.
social media is known for damaging the self esteem of adolescents and young adults due to how easy it is to compare yourself and your life to your friends or acquaintances.
people have the right to their bodies and if they wish to die they should be able to get help to do so.
the television is no longer a good source of entertainment or information and should be abandoned
surrogacy  is just another name for selling children
Surrogacy often enables one or both intended parents to have a genetic connection to their child.
many children get stuck in the foster care system, having neither their biological family nor a permanent adoptive family
many people have been let down by surrogates that change their minds about handing over the baby and pocketing the money paid for expenses that it is obvious that lack of regulation means it should be banned.
teaching someone that the holocaust never happened when it did could cause people to be shunned or even hurt just because someone told them untrue information.
celibacy is the only 100% effective way to prevent pregnancy
suicide is a criminal offense, thus assisting in suicide would be acting as an accomplice to murder.
not everyone is suited for a professional job and having a skill or craft may be more suitable.
it should be a criminal offense because of the horrible factual documented suffering that occurred & it should not be trivialized & lied about
the vow of celibacy is too important to do away with.  it shows that there is nothing more important than the church and is a true goal worth striving for.
We can not afford to subsidize our elementary schools, let alone vocational schools.
assisted suicide involves murdering someone which is illegal and should be treated as such.
surrogacy puts a strain on women's bodies and it is often the poorest women in society who undergo surrogacy in order to earn money.
social media has brought down levels of happiness and self-satisfaction by making us constantly compare ourselves to an idealized version of our friends.
like other forms of higher education, if people want to attend vocational schools, they should find a way to pay for it themselves.
surrogacy should be banned because it is simply just unnatural and the potential the couples and women that want that child change their mind and left the surrogate with the child
the vow of celibacy should be abandoned because people are going to do whatever they want and no law can be enforced when it comes from abstaining from marital or sexual commitment.
the blockade of the gaza strip has gone on way too long and should be ended, this is not the united states fight.
surrogacy is making a contract with a human life and is therefore immoral
the vow of celibacy is outdated, times have changed. it also begs to question whether the vow of celibacy is contributing to the frequent assaults plaguing the catholic church.
Many people are dying of hunger in India. Hunger and malnutrition are the biggest problems India is facing right now. Beef is a cheap protein available to poor people. With the cattle slaughter ban, the malnutrition problem worsens further.
It is not ethical to interfere with the food habits of others.
Taking action against illegal slaughterhouses is the right step, but banning entire cattle slaughter may not be the right decision by the central government. There are food security and livelihood security issues. It is the responsibility of the government to respect everyone’s choices equally.
Genetic Diseases affect only a minority. The majority doesn't understand the pain and politicizes the situation.
There are widespread protests against the imposition of Hindi because non-Hindi speaking states are much more comfortable with English than Hindi.
Biologically, men are stronger than women. Hence, it may not be wise to deploy people in the field that have less physical strength than the enemy.
biofuel is much nonsense as would require huge areas and resources to be produced.
climate models (e.g. CO2 affecting anthropogenic climate warming) have not been validated.
Fireworks are an especially selfish source of entertainment.
We should embrace and protect our culture which stands at the basis of our successful society.  We also should watch out for some Europhiles in Brussels who think our culture should be replaced by multi-culturalism because it fits the EU plans better.
The real problem, even with the war refugees is that once they enter the EU they do not want to return to their countries, even if the danger has passed. They even bring their family and other relatives!
We can only employ people in understaffed job fields.
Having the same time in most of the Union’s countries helps reduce significant administrative difficulties: Let us imagine how difficult it would be to make goods and people travel from one country to another if the time (and therefore the timetables of the transportation) would change at each border.
Saying no to any migration is just stupid and irrealistic.
This is genuinely the most humane proposal. If Europeans are 'privileged' we should use that to help foreign nations. Instead, our elites do the opposite, instigate problems in other nations (Syria, Libya, etc.), and then indigenous Europeans get replaced in our own homelands because we're 'privileged'.
Frontex must be given powers and resources to shut down the migratory routes entirely.
